Add documentation on setting a favicon in a simple theme (#4262)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/customize/look-and-feel/simple-theme-editor.mdx

    This slider determines how large the logo image will be. The slider defaults to `rem` units, but you can use `em` or `px` as well if you know what size that the image should be. Required if the <InlineUIElement>Logo image URL</InlineUIElement> is set.
  </APIField>

  ##### Favicon

>   This image will be used as the icon displayed by the browser for all hosted pages. The icon is generally shown in the address bar and/or tab chooser, the exact behavior is browser dependent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An image used to identify hosted pages in the browser. Typically displayed next to the page title in the tab or address bar of a user's browser.
```
suggestion: slight reword, avoids nonstandard 'tab chooser' verbiage (even if I do find that term somewhat endearing, I'm not sure most users will understand what we mean)

Author: Yep I like that better, thanks.
